stop wondering what's going on with the
banking system because if you look at
the details you will know the truth and
I'm going to show you some pretty
amazing information about what's
happening with the banking industry
clearly panicking behind the scenes a
lot is going on and of course when you
increase interest rates at a time in
which nobody believes what ever happened
you start to run into some serious
problems and I'm going to show you where
the cracks have appeared does that sound
interesting let's begin here we have it
hot money is piling up at the banks and
is starting to take a toll investors
scrutinize the cost of surging broker
deposits and
fhlb Loans as mid-sized Banks bear the
brunt of higher interest rates well
apparently U.S banks have found a way to
replace some of the hundreds of billions
of dollars in deposits that flooded out
of their doors earlier this year you
remember that there was just a massive
run to the exits well they had some
serious problems right to shore up the
books after a flurry of withdrawals
mid-sized banks have turned to Patchwork
and other sources that the man
significantly higher interest rates five
percent or more Regional Banks borrowed
billions from the FED number one we saw
that with the Federal Reserve set up
this temporary thing like they've done
so many times before they set up this
thing and even though the interest rates
are much higher that we saw the bank
start going yeah we want some of that we
need some of that right now and it is at
approximately the highest it's ever been
they're utilizing this quite a bit so
that's interesting that this is where
they have chosen I guess they trust the
FED above all else and then we have the
federal home loan bank system and to an
ipop and degree leaned on broker
deposits cobbled together by little
known intermediaries okay so a lot of
stuff is happening in shows that the the
credits market like your access to
Capital your access to debt has been
squeezed if you are uh not on the like
for instance you know Residential
Mortgages and things not the case but
when we're talking about the big
businesses corporate debt as well as you
know on the commercial real estate side
that has been strangled now that's
important an analysis of quarterly
regulatory filings for the 84 biggest
banks commanding more than 80 percent of
the industry's assets shows not only how
much they were borrowing through these
channels but also the toll it was
starting to take on some of their
earnings Rising costs threatened to turn
the most strained Banks upside down
leaving them paying more to amass the
cash that they need to that they then
need to learn lend out okay what I'm
saying is that these banks are in a
world of hurt they've been borrowing at
a rate they cannot pay back and they're
hoping all of them hoping that they need
to get into a world where they're
cutting interest rates the Federal
Reserve is cutting interest rates so
that they can survive if not more bank
failures are coming
that's what this message is all about
they're borrowing from the fhlb which is
basically like the Great Depression they
set this thing up and this is not
supposed to be used at all in this way
but all these companies like svb were
using it as a loophole to get around all
these regulations and things and it
worked very well until it collapsed
here we have it Banks Step Up U.S
property loan tweaks to limit The Faults
you can see what's happening they are
concerned they know what's going on they
are setting up what's called loan loss
provisions and that is putting money
aside for a rainy day banks are showing
a growing willingness to rework the
terms of the U.S commercial real estate
loans to prevent defaults mitigating
near-term losses but also also masking
the growth growing stress in some parts
of the market so yeah you can put a
Band-Aid over it but are you fixing that
problem well no they can they're at this
point they're basically doing whatever
they can they don't have choice and this
is a very big concern so you know they
can lend as they say right here lenders
are offering borrowers loan extensions
and modifications selling derivatives oh
that's wonderful two fixed interest
costs and offering subsidized loans to
investors to purchase the defaulted
loans of course they're taking this
they're packaging it up they're
purposing it and they're selling it off
to investors hey we got some bunch of
bad debt that's going to give you a
higher yield than some of that other
stuff you want it some investors will
take it I'm not so sure that the good
investment but hey if the FED will bail
them out maybe might be all right
but you and I we are not too big to fail
right
the big companies toughened banking
partner screening after the crisis so
they're tightening up in all things The
Lending standards the loan loss
Provisions are there they are going step
by step worrying and obviously very
concerned about what's happening right
now but the banks overall they are above
the law we know that to be the case FDIC
scolds banks for manipulating deposit
data so remember I said at the beginning
billions of dollars were flowing out
check this out lenders lowered their
uninsured deposits by nearly 200 billion
dollars after bank failures you see the
they just need to get around all of it
they just need to know the loopholes
they've got the lawyers they've got the
accountants they got the people on the
inside they know how to make it work
when svb ran into financial trouble its
customers ran for the exits in the weeks
after dozens of banks tweak their
numbers oh just a little tweak to reduce
the portions of the deposits that they
said were uninsured since Silicon Valley
Bank collapsed in March 47 Banks
reinstated their December 31st uninsured
deposit figures downward by a total of
200 billion dollars according to the
Wall Street Journal and svb 88 deposits
were uninsured at the year end
do you see what's going on here
there are big problems there are holes
there are gaps in these Banks right now
and I've displayed for you just some of
those they're using Depression era
loopholes essentially they are using
this I mean absolute manipulation in
order to do anything they can to grow
and to survive and just like you as an
individual you would do the same thing
except if you get caught oh that's a
criminal offense if they get caught at
the very worst it's a little slap on the
wrist do you see the difference here
they can do whatever they want they take
the maximum risk they're too big to fail
they get the bailouts you do not have
this option and as a result we've got to
be prepared for ourselves for our
families and that means not taking these
excessive risks that means spreading our
money out if you have it in the banking
system which I wouldn't suggest gen
generally that also means we have to
hold real assets and have our money
geographically Diversified these are all
points that you will hear me reference
over and over again because I believe
wholeheartedly in them and I know these
to be the truth and those wealthiest
people out there not the Forbes 500
people but if you look at the wealthy
people the successful people they're
doing just that they do just that so
that's what we need to take it take from
this this was brought to me by one of
the individuals in the mentorship group
and I I want to bring it to you American
Express exits banking in Mexico shifts
Focus to credit card services so just
want to be clear it's the bank that
American Express had it's not the credit
cards uh because then they love their
credit cards right but the bank so
you're seeing this for for a company
like that it's it's unusual I would say
to just kind of walk out okay right now
at this time svb's collapsing Bank
collapses oh and now this one bank is
just leaving
just something interesting I wanted to
plant here in this video government
intervention keeps mortgage defaults at
Bay at a cost you can see that the
moratoriums have been there you look at
what about the student loans 44 million
people I believe it is have student
loans the average payment 400 a month
they have to start paying that back they
have to start paying this back after
this Hiatus of three years so now what's
going to happen is that they're going to
have 400 less to pay just like the rent
moratoriums the eviction moratoriums all
these different things that were put in
place the stimulus is gone now more
payments are coming through you are
looking at a strained economy and
banking system that is likely due for
more losses
that's an absolute fact
okay you have the fed's new instant
money program could lead to another
Regional banking crisis essentially
saying you had to have people line up
like when there is a bank holiday when
there is a bank crisis when there's a
bank run you would have the same kind of
system where okay the bank has to shut
their doors at some point people are
lining up everybody's getting outside
they want to pull cash out in the case
of Greece people were taking out I think
it was 50 euros a day at most
but if you have an instant payment
system a couple Taps on your phone and
you get everything out
so they're saying this is a big concern
well certainly is
but what are they going to do about it
are they going to limit your access
they're going to use some artificial
intelligence to determine what's
happening here to read what's going on
in social media and then quickly react
to that locking everybody's Bank up
maybe they'll do it based on some false
information they lock you out of your
bank you can't get it when you need it
most oh false information sorry about
that let's turn the switch back on how
does that sound oh it's coming it's
coming
fed bid to hike Bank Capital slammed by
the ex-vice chair quarrels I just
thought it was funny because any
tightening any sort of
you know breaks that are being applied
to the banking system there's always
going to be some people that are going
to say no this is a bad thing you you
can have a fractional Reserve banking
system and have sound money or just
sound principles within that Fiat system
I mean it just can't happen
but you you gotta give give something my
goodness Jamie demon warns of much
bigger threats than recession more
banking turmoil I'm just trying to
highlight that this is from top to
bottom it's everywhere it's all over the
place you've got things like Tesla are
offering an 84 month loan as interest
rates rise people can't pay that but
they let's say their budget is a
thousand bucks a month oh okay a
thousand bucks a month where we just
stretch it out another year and now we
can suddenly pay that thousand bucks a
month that's what's going on here you
can see that it is affecting just about
everybody everybody's dealing with the
same things this is going on a
commercial real estate side you're
seeing the Crocs in the banking system
you were looking at a bank crisis that
is unfolding before our very eyes I have
some points there but I've also got some
other points for you too whether it's
about real estate which is what I'm
showing up on screen here
or so many other things in the Discord
that's the place where I'm releasing all
kinds of information and I will add add
to that we have uh well over 800 people
right now in there it's totally free and
we can talk back and forth it's becoming
much more active than it's ever been
before it's so cool I want to see you
there are you coming make sure you go
down there click that link it's totally
free click that link and I will see you
there when you get in say hey and I'll
reply to you I'll see you soon take care